# Credit-Ratings-Importance-of-Macro-Level-Fundamental-Data (Panel data analysis)


Description: Measuring the impact of different macro-level factors (e.g., Weather, economic data) on the credit rating of the company. 
Initially, collecting the data from different sources such as the Bureau of Economic Data (GDP, population unemployment rate, etc.), national oceanic and atmospheric administration (weather data), and credit ratings from WRDS, Bloomberg, and Thomas Reuters.
Data Modelling (Univariate and Multivariate models) using different statistical techniques such as Fixed Effect and Pooled OLS.

Result: Measured the impact of macro-level factors with a decent value of R-squared. This technique could be implemented by multiple credit rating agencies to better gauge the credit ratings of companies.


All the related files in the folder are divided into:

I.	Documentation and description files

a.	Detailed description of weather dataset

b.	Detailed documentation of data processing

c.	Detailed documentation of panel data modelling

II.	Data processing files consist of all related files, including dataset files (including original, intermediate, and final versions generated by data processing; usually csv files), script files (.py files and a .docx file explaining SQL processes), and an .html file (Data processing structure.html) with a detailed graph depicting the data processing procedures of the project.

III.	Data modelling files consist of a Python script file (.py) used for panel data modelling and the exported csv files that contain results of univariate and multivariate analysis.

Note: when running the .py files in the folder, the directory needs to be changed first in order for the code to run normally; all the needed data files for the code are in the folder.
